Improve mySQL schema permission description (#28416)
DataDog/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/dbm-mysql-agent-config-examples.en.md

### Collecting schemas

> Starting from Agent v7.65, the Datadog Agent can collect schema information from MySQL databases. To enable this feature, use the `schemas_collection` option. **Note**: To collect schemas, MySQL requires that the datadog Agent has SELECT access on the table. This is a [MySQL-enforced restriction](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.4/en/information-schema-introduction.html#information-schema-privileges) — without SELECT, the table will not appear in metadata queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from Agent v7.65, the Datadog Agent can collect schema information from MySQL databases. To enable this feature, use the `schemas_collection` option.

**Note**: To collect schemas for a table, MySQL requires that the Datadog Agent has SELECT access for it. This is a [MySQL-enforced restriction](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.4/en/information-schema-introduction.html#information-schema-privileges). Without SELECT access, the table will not appear in metadata queries.
```

The Agent does not use SELECT to access or read your table data. This permission is needed solely to retrieve schema details, due to how MySQL handles metadata visibility.

> To grant `SELECT` permissions to the Datadog user, use one or a combination of the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To grant SELECT permissions to a Datadog user, use one or a combination of the following commands:
```
